Today I am at a loss. Its been a slow week and what I thought would be an exciting return to college has been dull and uneventful.
My classes seem fine and I enjoy the people in them enough but there's just not a lot to do right now. And it seems that its only that
way for me, everyone either has something to do, somewhere to be, someone else to be with, either that or they are perfectly content to
be alone and enjoy the calm before the storm of the semester. But I am bored. And I am lonley. The worst part is, is that I know other
people are lonely too. Everybody is lonely, but we're all to buried in ourselves, to concious of ourselves to say anything, to extend basic
human contact, if even for a few seconds to someone else. I've been trying to work on that. Talk to people more, take a direct shot at my 
social anxiety and to live out of my comfort zone a little. Its been nice, I enjoy now and I look forward to the chance to maybe have a
postive interaction with some random stranger. And maybe that will lead to something else. I guess all of this just boils down to the fact
I want a girl in my life. While I know that that wont solve everything, from my perspective now it certainly would be nice to have someone 
I could open up to and be compeltely vulnerable with. Unfortunately, these things are impossible to manufacture and they occur on very
unpredictable schedules, but I hold out hope. Part of me just wants to take a chance with anyone I meet, and just bite the bullet. Even if 
we arent perfectly compatible, at least I would have someone I could feign interest in for awhile. Someone to keep me less lonely. But I know
that is not healty, nor moral to do. And I know that once I would get into that said type of relationship, I would quickly want out and I
would want to keep searching for something better. Which leads me back to the original problem. I don't know what I want. In any terms, I
know what I want to be, who I want to be, who I want to spend time with, and what I want to leave behind. Its seems like I always want what
I don't have and I am never satisfied with what I do have. I look back fondly on some memories now and long to go back, but I know I was just
as unhappy then. The worst feeling to look back on is hope. Because looking back on hope reminds you of how little things have actually change
and that all that hope has been for nothing thus far. This is making me to sad now, maybe could we cut this part and lighten it up a bit?
And of course I mean all of this with a grain of salt. Once I get working again, and find some temporary purpose Ill be good to go again. Some
nights I just feel a little sad though. I have great friends and I am very thankful. But for some strnage reason I feel like theyre not my friends
out of my own effort. And had it not been for them, I would be compeltely alone. IE, my friendship depended on them reaching out to me, and
I am too incapalbe of forming those relationships on my own. I struggle to open up to people, my family, my friends. I just need to let go,
but I care too much about things that dont matter and I just want to release and be my truest self but I dont even know who that is. Im just
always the most convient me I need to be for the situation. Even this dosent feel geninue. Who writes like this, this is crazy. I digress. 
I just really want someone I can vent this too, someone emotionaly invested in me as much as themselves. Maybe someday.